# Summary - Real Estate Listing Search, Comparison and Analysis Tool
Real estate investors do extensive research on the property market before deciding on a suitable investment. Currently they lack an all-in-one system from which they can quickly view and compare house listings from multiple different sources. The goal of this project was to use modern web development techniques to produce an improved system, encapsulating the features of existing solutions into one neat web application, and to be more in line with the experience achieved within mobile solutions.

*	Development was carried out using React and Redux enabling the system to be fully asynchronous.  This means the application can remain responsive throughout its use and smoothly transition between states while processing is done in the background. 
* Public APIs were used to source listings, area data and amenities and common limitations of these public data sources were overcome using modern JavaScript constructs. This allowed the system to gather house listings of multiple websites as well as data about the area and local amenities. This gave more information about each house listing within the application, information which the user would have needed to navigate elsewhere to access with current solutions.
*	JSON web tokens, a token based authentication system, was implemented allowing a convenient and secure account system from which users could save listings and searches for future viewing as well as staying safely logged in for the duration of the session.
*	An agile methodology was used, enabling me to work iteratively throughout the lifetime of the project and taking user feedback and suggestions into account when considering development work for the next sprint. This user feedback lead to a machine learning feasibility study, assessing the potential of Neural Networks within the project.
* The finished solution is a search engine allowing users to search for listings from multiple sources, compare between them and view more information about the factors affecting their value. 
The final solution was presented to a Real Estate Agent and received positive feedback on the need for such a system as well as suggestions for future development.

(Technologies Used: React.JS, Redux, NodeJS(ExpressJS), MongoDB)
